Good evening, Joe (Our Client),

 

Our company had a list of questions we would like to ask and would appreciate any answers you may share with us to better understand the database structure you are working towards.

1) Could you please confirm the spelling for 'Caroline Coie Cuartet'. From the excel form you submitted it appears 'Coie' is misspelled in a different location as 'Cole'. 
   We are assuming the correct spelling should be 'Cole', but we would like to confirm first before we make the final adjustment. This also brings question with her last name 
   'Cuartet', was this potentially a misspelling for 'Quartet'?
   
2) We had a question regarding the 'SSN' column, but it does appear you have addressed this for us ahead of time.
3) Are we meant to use the given address information? We ask because some of the contact addresses in the 'Groups' tab correspond to 'Customer' addresses in the 'Customer' tab.
4) Should we know the purpose of the 'Status' column in the 'Group Member List' tab, or should we assume this is a source of dummy data to justify existence of the linking table?
5) Darryl Mars has a salary listed at $50.00 and a commission rate of 0.01 percent. Are these accurate figures? Darryl has never booked an engagement in 20 years and wonder 
   if his Agent record should instead be eliminated.
6) We do not see any area codes added with any of the phone numbers - for a more professional approach to the data on file would you like to provide us with the line's 
   owner area code?
7) Regarding the performer 'Joe Rosales III', their last name would list as 'Rosales III', we recommend dropping the 'III' and have it simplified to 'Rosales'. Does this work?
8) The Viescas family comes as a questionable approach. 'Carol Viescas' is listed as an agent and a customer. Her family member 'Caleb' is also an agent, and perhaps siblings(?) 
   Suzanne, David and John Viescas are listed as performers. We would like better clarity on the data provided is accurate and should be used as provided.
   
Again, we would appreciate any or all the concerns addressed could be answered.
We look forward to hearing from you soon,

DRP Group 3 Data Builders, INC.

--REPLY--

Thank you DRP group 3,

I’ll answer your questions below,

1) Coie is Carol’s last name. You aren’t in Entertainment, so I don’t expect you to understand, but Carol’s group are the Triple C’s. Cuartet is spelled exactly how it should be spelled.
2) I answered this
3) Yes, starving artists sometimes work out of their home. Not everyone is Carol Burnett
4) I don’t know what you mean by dummy data, status is how I determine if they are a full member or a part time member
5) That’s my brother-in-law
6) I think that is a good idea, put in their area codes. I’m sure you have some computer way of doing that.
7) Joe comes from a long line of entertainers and is very proud of his pedigree. Why would you even suggest that? Should I shorten your name to “Mens”. That’s pretty offensive, 
   but I won’t tell him. I would actually love his father, Joe Rosales II to come and perform for us.
8) Yes, they are a large musical family. Carol uses are services and performs as well! She is a giver and a taker!
 
I hope this helps. Looking forward to something exciting!

-Joe
